
Empoche EULA and Terms of Service

Effective Date: April 2nd, 2020

By using our Software and Service you are agreeing to these Terms of Service ("Terms") and certify you are over the age of 13. If you are using the servie on behalf of an organization or entity, then you are agreeing on these terms on behalf of your organizations. You and Your may refer to your organization in this case. Please read the terms before using our service.
Privacy Protection

We take your privacy serious and do implement various security measures to protect you and your data. As european company we follow the GDPR closely and make sure not saving more data than needed. You can review the privacy policy here.
Changes of Terms

We may change these terms with additional terms any time. We will notify you through the application or by email on any of these changes. They don't apply retroactively and will become active after thirty days after posted here. You should discontinue your use of our Service if you don not agree with the modified terms.
Using Empoche

You must follow any policies within the service. We may suspend or terminate our Service to you any time if you are violating the terms or any policies. You don't gain any ownership of intellectual property by using our software or service. You may not use any copyrighted content in our services unless you obtain permission from the content owners or are otherwise permitted by law. The terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used. We use certain logos, trademarks that are not our property.

You may not use Empoche for the following (non-complete) things:

    Using the service for any illegal activities
    Uploading any content to the service in violation of any applicable law (intellectual property..)
    Accessing or tampering the server systems
    Abusing or excessively submitting requests

Software

Empoche may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature becomes available. Empoche grans you a personal, worldwide, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software as part of the service.

Empoche is free of charge, offering a premium subscription (per User / per Team). Each license is bound to a user account, not to a installation.

You may:

    Install and use Empoche Software on multiple computers and clients.
    Distribute the Empoche Software Installer and binaries for free with reference to empoche.com

You may not:

    Modify
    Sell
    Lease

any part of the service or included software. Empoche accounts are bound to a single person and are not allowed to sell.
Nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the software of the source code of the software, unless local laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.
API

You may access Empoche via the Application Program Interface (API). By using the API you are automatically bound by the terms.
Your Content

In Empoche you upload, download and store content, including but not limited to, texts, graphics, videos etc. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. When you upload content you give Empoche and it's service partners a worldwide license to host, store, upload and download this content for the purpose of providing the service to you. We reserve the right to remove or refuse to distribute any content through the service including your content.
Modify and Terminating of our service

We may add or remove functionalities or features. We may also supspend or stop our service with at least thirty (30) days notice prior. You can choose to stop using our service at will. We may also stop providing the Service to you, or add or create new limitations to our service at any time.
Premium Subscriptions

You may support our service by purchasing a premium subscription, which automatically renews at the end of your billing period. You can upgrade from the free service to premium at any time. When a free trial is offered or during beta, you will have access to all Premium features. After the trial or eta version, if you choose not to upgrade, you will be limited to the free service. All prices shown include all applicable taxes.

Within thirty days of your payment you can request a full refund by contacting us. For premium purchased over an app store (like the Apple Store), please contact the app store support team to get a refund.
Warranty

Empoche and any related documentation and service is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular puprose, or noninfringment. We take no liability for general, special or incidental or consequential damages.

Your use of Empoche are all at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "as" is basis. We don't warrant that the Empoche will be uninterrupted and error free. Any damage to your computer or devices or any data loss is at your solely responsibility.
Copyright Notice

Copyright (C) 2019-2020 Yves Hoppe. All rights reserved.

Any rights not expressed herein are reserved.
